{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red198\green124\blue72;\red219\green44\blue56;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19460\viewh15080\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 3DK Sample App\

\f1\b0 \
This simple app measures the distance that the device has moved relative to the position it started in. Accuracy is best if you hold the device firmly with two hands. To use the app, make sure the camera is unobstructed and press the Start button. Hold the device still while it initializes, then move the device in any direction. The distance the device moved from the start point will be shown.\
\
We recommend looking at ViewController.m as a starting point to understanding the app.\
\
A 3DK license key is required to run this app. You can obtain one by creating an account at https://app.realitycap.com/accounts/create_new_account. Paste the license key into LicenseHelper.h where it says \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 #define SDK_LICENSE_KEY @\cf3 "YOUR_LICENSE_KEY_HERE"\cf0 \CocoaLigature1 .\
\
Requirements:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3DK license key\
{\listtext	\'95	}iOS 6 or above\
{\listtext	\'95	}Must be run on a device. Will not work in the simulator.\
{\listtext	\'95	}A device with at least a dual-core A5 CPU, and of course, a camera, accelerometer, and gyroscope. Currently supported devices are iPhone 4S, 5, 5S, 5C, iPad 2, 3, 4, Mini, Mini Retina, Air, and iPod Touch 5.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The quality of your data may suffer when running a Debug build, especially on older devices, due to increased overhead and less consistent data delivery from the OS. To get more satisfactory output, use an optimized build. Doing a profile build (Command-I) is the easiest way to do this.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
There is an optional, but recommended, calibration procedure that is demonstrated by the view controllers in the "Calibration" folder. The calibration procedure helps improve the accuracy of the first few sensor fusion sessions. 3DK continually calibrates itself, but the initial calibration procedure gives it a head start. Without it, you may find that the accuracy is poor the first few times you try it.\
\
Currently, this app works better on iPads than iPhones. We are working on improving the reliability on iPhones.\
\
For simplicity's sake, this app does not properly handle lifecycle events such as going to and from the inactive state. A production app should stop sensor fusion, the AV session, IMU updates, etc when the app becomes inactive.\
}