{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red198\green124\blue72;\red219\green44\blue56;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19460\viewh15080\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 3DK Sample GL App\

\f1\b0 \
This app is a visualization of the output of 3DK. 3DK outputs a point cloud, and device position. This app shows the point cloud and plots the device's position over time. The blue line is the path the device traveled, and the the white dots are the visual features the system has located in the environment. To use the app, make sure the camera is unobstructed and press the Start button. Hold the device still for a moment, then begin moving. When you're done, press Stop. You can tap and drag, pinch to zoom, and rotate with two fingers to manipulate the camera view point. Tap the view button to snap to different perspectives.\
\
The source code of this app may be useful for understanding 3DK. However, if you are just getting started with 3DK, try reviewing the source code of the other app included with 3DK, RC3DKSampleApp. RC3DKSampleApp is an example of a very simple app built on top of 3DK and should be easier to digest.\
\
A 3DK license key is required to run this app. You can obtain one by creating an account at https://app.realitycap.com/accounts/create_new_account. Paste the license key into LicenseHelper.h where it says \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 #define SDK_LICENSE_KEY @\cf3 "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE"\cf0 \CocoaLigature1 .\
\
Requirements:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}3DK license key\
{\listtext	\'95	}iOS 6 or above\
{\listtext	\'95	}Must be run on a device. Will not work in the simulator.\
{\listtext	\'95	}A device with at least a dual-core A5 CPU, and of course, a camera, accelerometer, and gyroscope. Currently supported devices are iPhone 4S, 5, 5S, 5C, iPad 2, 3, 4, Mini, Mini Retina, Air, and iPod Touch 5.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The quality of your data may suffer when running a Debug build, especially on older devices, due to increased overhead and less consistent data delivery from the OS. To get more satisfactory output, use an optimized build. Doing a profile build (Command-I) is the easiest way to do this.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
}